C:excited:Why hello there! What a WONDEROUS occasion that I should meet a beautiful woman like yourself.
M:happy:Well, the pleasure is all mine. And what do we have here? a gallant prince?
C:blush:Y-yes! 
C:happy: My, what a MARVELOUS day! It's allowed me to meet a kindred spirit like yourself.
M:normal:Is this gallant prince in trouble? Perhaps you need some assistance in slaying that dragon that lurks outside? 
C:happy:PFFT! Never you mind that! It is my eternal burden to be held captive by that dragon. Fate has decided to mold me to its whim.
C:happy:As a prince it is my calling, nay, my duty to undergo hardship and the gods have stepped in to do just that.
C:excited:What can an innocent servant of the people like me do but give my self unto the gods' hand to do with me as they will?
C:excited:Oh GLORIOUS burden!
M:sad:My Wow...nice?
M:happy:But that does sound exciting given your context. I suppose it's almost romantic.
C:blush:Y-you think so too?
C:happy:I mean, of course! So as you can see, I am perfectly fine where I am. 
C:excited:Given time, I will personally call upon the heavens and smite that dragon!
M:normal:Well you do sound confident. I suppose I'll have to rescue another dashing prince in some other lonely tower.
M:happy:My name is Princess Matcha, If you ever get out of this tower, let's get lunch.
C:blush:W-wait! Ah, there she goes....I suppose I got a bit too carried away.
C:sad:I hope she comes back...I MAY need some help.
 /
C:excited:Princess Matcha! How glorious it is to see you again! My name is Prince Chrysanthemum!
C:normal:I suppose you couldn't find any other prince to rescue?
M:happy:Perhaps I did, perhaps I did not.
C:happy: PFFT! Your worry for me is as apparent as the smile on your lips. I appreciate you coming to check up on me Matcha.
M:normal:Am I that see through? Yes, I was worried, my charming Prince <3
C:blush:...
M:happy:Hm? Perhaps I came on too strong?
C:happy:N-no of course not, Princess! A noble prince like me is used to such flattery.
M:happy:Hm...(It's obvious that he's not).
M:excited: is there anything this princess can do for you, Prince Chrysanthemum?
C:blush:Hah...No one ever really calls me that.
C:happy:Just call me Chrys!
M:happy:Chrys...
M:blush:What a familiar way of addressing someone. Almost like we're friends.
C:excited:What are you talking about Matcha. WE ARE Friends.
M:sad:...!
M:excited:Thank you, Chrys.
C:blush:Ah! No problem....
C:normal:And I am NOT being held by this dragon if that's what you were implying.
M:normal:Are you sure? Because it looks like quiet the opposite.
C:happy: Of course! I have everything under control.
M:sad:That's too bad...
C:sad:...?
M:disappointed:I was hoping to be able to live out a fairytale dream and save a dashing Prince, escape from a fearsome dragon, 
M:disappointed:And ride off into the night...
C:sad:...that DOES sound romantic...
M:normal:But alas, I will have to look for another prince to fulfill my dream...Obviously, you are very capable of slaying this 
M:normal:Dragon so I will take my leave, Chrys.
C:sad:Ah~! Don't be upset, Matcha!
/
C:happy:Matcha! Just the girl I wanted to see!
M:happy:I came to check up on you, Chrys, you're certainly taking your time escaping aren't you.
C:blush:M-Matcha...About your dream.
M:angry:What dream?
M:excited:O-Oh! That dream, yes, I am so looking forward to saving a prince...
C:blush:A-Actually what I said before about having the situation under control MAY have been an exaggeration...
C:happy:I could actually use your help!
C:excited:For I, sweet Matcha, am the gorgeous prince of your DREAMS! 
C:excited:The gods of given me the unbearable burden of being this dragon's prisoner.
C:normal:Will, you save me, my Princess?
M:normal:With such poetry as that, how can I refuse?
M:happy:Chris I would be happy to save you...
M:excited:We are friends afterall! My first and precious friend.
C:sad:F-first friend? Seriously, Matcha? 
M:normal:Well, I tend to remain distant from people...Especially as a princess it's been hard not to feel lonely. 
C:happy:When we get out of here, Matcha, I'll make SURE you're never lonely.
M:excited:Spoken like a true, noble, Prince.
C:blush:...geeez...
M:blush:Let's get going, my Prince.
/
C:excited:Why hello there! What a WONDEROUS occasion that I should meet a beautiful woman like yourself.
M:happy:Well, the pleasure is all mine. And what do we have here? a gallant prince?
C:blush:Y-yes! 
C:happy: My, what a MARVELOUS day! It's allowed me to meet a kindred spirit like yourself.
M:normal:Is this gallant prince in trouble? Perhaps you need some assistance in slaying that dragon that lurks outside? 
C:happy:PFFT! Never you mind that! It is my eternal burden to be held captive by that dragon. And it's fun!
M:sad:Fun?
C:happy:But of course! This dragon needs me. And I'm here to help!
M:happy:Won't you leave this tower with me, Prince? We can escape the dragon.
C:sad:W-What?
M:normal:Think about it. It's for the best.
C:sad:...
C:happy:No.
M:sad:No?
C:excited:I'm going to stay with the dragon. There is something positively human about it.
C:sad:I think...no I'm positive that it needs my help.
M:sad:...I won't stop you.
M:normal:...Good luck.
/
C:Princess Matcha! How marvelous to see you again!
M:normal:Hello, Prince. How are you today?
C:happy:Wonderful as always! Staying here...Getting to know this dragon...It's been fun!
M:sad:Fun?
C:happy:But of course! This dragon needs me. And I'm here to help!
M:happy:Won't you leave this tower with me, Prince? We can escape the dragon.
C:sad:W-What?
M:normal:Think about it. It's for the best.
C:sad:...
C:happy:No.
M:sad:No?
C:excited:I'm going to stay with the dragon. There is something positively human about it.
C:sad:I think...no I'm positive that it needs my help.
M:sad:...I won't stop you.
M:normal:...Good luck.
<