 C:happy:Hello, Dragon!
 C:normal: Hm? You want to know whay I am addressing you like this? Or how I know what you are thinking?
 C:happy:My dear Dragon, of course the glorious Chrysanthemum has a third sense for things like this!
 C:sad:Such a shame, really. I am a prince of a great many talents with glorious purpose! 
 C:sad:How revolting to think my beauty and grace is being kept separate! Apart from my glorious fans' everlastig adoration!
 C:normal:But, of course, I do not blame you, dear Dragon.
 C:angry:I've had a long time to think - the majority of this game, in fact. And I've realised... 
 C:happy:WHO WOULDN'T WANT TO KIDNAP A PRINCE AS WONDEROUS AS I?!
 C:happy:You have, great taste, my dragon friend. I see you've allowed the other princes to go but have kept me in your tower.
 C:normal:Hm? Yes, I know of the others you've kept here. I see you've been collecting many a handsome princes.
 C:happy:But, of course, I alone am your most valuable, am I correct?
 C:sad:Hm... that does make me sound like some sort of trophy...
 C:normal:What's that in your eyes, Dragon? Are you trying to convey your apology? 
 C:normal:Your swear that you will never look upon another prince again?
 C:happy:I am not at all concerned, dear Dragon! What other prince can even dare to hope they could compare to me?!
 /
 C:normal:Are you wondering why I am so chipper? 
 C:happy:Well, you see, dear Dragon, Once I realized you were not intending to hurt me, I've grown more accustomed to this tower.
 C:angry:I've realized...
 C:excited:That my GLORIOUS purpose is to mend you of your twisted, rotten ways, Dragon!
 C:normal:My nursemaid used to read me many stories of adventure! Fantastical worlds full of mystery and wonder!
 C:normal:Among the stories were those of beautiful royals quelling the rage of ugly, rude beasts!
 C:excited:Don't you see, dear Dragon?! I am the beautiful and lovely royal!
 C:normal:Oh, um, not that you're ugly or anything... you are rather rude though...
 C:happy:But one musn't expect too much from beasts!
 /
 C:normal:Well Dragon, do you feel rehabilitated yet? Is my everlasting kindness and graciousness 
 C:normal:prompting you to reconsider your brutish ways? 
 C:happy:Perhaps you'd like to send me away with your everlasting gratitude and move away from this 
 C:happy:land so that the villagers will shower me with wonder and thanks?
 C:excited:I am ready for your everlasting gratitude, Dragon!
 C:excited:...
 C:normal:My dear dragon... What's wrong? You seem upset somehow?
 C:sad:I suppose that is a negative, then. The glorious Chrysanthemum's beauty and kindness has not rehabilitated you yet. 
 C:sad:And you aren't going to let me leave yet...
 C:normal:Not to worry, Dragon! I can't return home without fulfilling my glorious purpose, anyway!
 C:normal:What's that, Dragon?
 C:normal:...
 C:sad:The reason you've been kidnapping princes... is it because you are lonely?
 C:sad:...
 C:normal:I see! Well that certainly is a dilema!
 C:normal:Not only are your a ghastly sight for the eyes, but you also have a wonderously brash personality! 
 C:normal:I suppose it would be quite a show to see you trying to make friends!
 C:normal:Oh! Forgive me, dear Dragon. I do tend to let my mouth run, sometimes!
 C:happy:Not to worry, Dragon!
 C:normal:A glorious adn wonderous Prince like myself has the dignity and kindness to look past these flaws!
 C:happy:I see that you are an insecure, passionate young thing!
 C:normal:I will be your friend!
 C:happy:What's this, Dragon!
 C:happy:Wipe those tears! Are your that relieved to call me a friend?
 C:normal:...
 C:sad:Dragon! What's this? Are you saying I am free to go? Surely you jest!
 C:normal:Dragon... thank you.
 /
 C:normal:I suppose you are wondering why I haven't left yet.
 C:normal:Of course, I've told you already that I cannot return home without fulfilling my glorious duty!
 C:happy:And you turned out to be a kinder dragon than I had anticipated! 
 C:normal:Actually... I could have had many chances to get out. There have been many brave princesses about- convincing me to leave.
 C:normal:But... I think I've always craved the thrill of being so close to such a beast as yourself.
 C:happy:I am not satisfied with normalcy and mediocrity! 
 C:normal:I, the great Chrysanthemum, have always been destined for greatness! 
 C:blush:And here... with you... I've really felt great, glorious, and special.
>
 