TM:sad:Ha!
D:normal:…I suppose you were able to sneak past the dragon?
TM:normal:Are you the Prince that’s kept here by that dragon?
D:normal: And who would you be?
TM:angry:No time for that now, we need to leave before that dragon comes back. 
D:angry:Leave? 
D:normal:Please, I can leave whenever I want to. Your services are not necessary.
TM:normal:Services? 
TM:angry:I’ve heard of a rude prince that lives around these parts. Don’t be so prideful.
D:angry: Rude? I’m simply allowing this dragon to keep me until I can get my sword back.
TM:normal:Right….
TM:normal:You lost your sword? Is it really this important?
D:sad: … 
TM:angry:…Gah!
TM:angry: I can hear that dragon coming. I’ll be back, perhaps you’ll be more receptive to my help then…
/
D:normal:Well if it isn’t...
TM:normal:Thyme.
D:happy:A knight?
TM:normal:Princess actually. Are you ready to go now?
D:angry:Are you checking up on me? Frankly, it’s not appreciated. 
TM:angry:Is this about that sword? Just leave it behind. You can’t just stay here until that monster decides to eat you.
D:angry:Excuse you, but that sword is an important family heirloom and I...lost it. 
TM:normal:Fine then…I’ll find it for you, where is it?
D:happy:Wha-Ah, I mean…
D:angry:If I knew, I would have it, wouldn’t I? I don’t know. It’s probably long gone by now. 
D:sad:That...That dragon took it when I came here to smite the beast.
TM:normal:Smite it? By yourself? And I assume that bravado didn’t work for you?
D:sad:No need to rub salt to the wound, Princess.
TM:normal:…Hm.
D:normal:I’m not returning to my kingdom. Without that sword. I-It’s impossible.
TM:normal:…
TM:sad:…Well, I suppose that’s not COMPLETELY crazy.
D:happy:Ah!
D:normal:You think so?
TM:happy:Yes, my sword is pretty special too. 
TM:normal:My brothers gave it to me when I began my journey. I would hate to lose it. 
TM:normal:I assume your sword has some sort of a similar backstory?
D:normal:….
TM:angry: Look!
TM:sad: Ah, that is. I’d LIKE to help you but I want to know why I’m risking my life to get a sword.
TM:disappointed:I mean… If you really think I’m bothering you I’ll leave, but…
D:normal:…It was my sister’s.
TM:normal:what?
D:sad:The sword was my sister’s. She died in battle when I was much younger…It’s all my family has left of her. 
D:normal:I just couldn’t leave it hanging up in our castle as an heirloom forever…She wouldn’t have wanted that.
TM:happy:Castle, huh? You’re a prince?
D:happy:Prince Darjeeling, actually.
TM:happy:Ah! I’ve heard of you.
TM:blush:You’re as pretty as the rumors say.
D:blush:R-Rumors?
TM:excited:Haha, yeah, and they say your nickname is Prince DARLING.
D:angry: It. Is. NOT.
TM:happy: hehe.
TM:normal:I’ll find that sword for you. The dragon took it right? I’ll check its lair.
D:normal:…Be careful.
/
D:happy:Thyme!
TM:happy:You remembered my name. I’m honored, Prince Darling.
D:blush:I see you remembered mine as well. 
TM:happy:I’m here to take you out of this tower, Darjeeling, and I’m not taking “No” for an answer. 
D:angry:Wha-? Didn’t I tell you before? If I’m returning home, it must be with the sword or with nothing else. 
TM:normal:Fine. I get it.
TM:happy:I was just teasing. I came prepared.
D:excited:T-That’s my sword. How did you…? 
TM:normal:Like I thought, it was in the Dragon’s Lair.
TM:angry:I had a hard time sneaking in.
D:angry:Y-you…And you called me foolish before, how could you sneak in there by yourself? 
TM:normal:Actually, it was much easier than I thought. 
TM:angry:T-the dragon actually came back while I was inside.
D:angry:Gah! Are you alright?
TM:normal:I’m fine, the dragon didn’t attack. Almost as if… it wanted me to come save you.
TM:happy:That dragon must have developed quite a fondness for you. 
D:normal:Yes, well, the feeling is NOT appreciated.
TM:blush:I-I’ve developed something of a fondness as well.
D:normal:…
D:blush:…That. That’s a sentiment I may be able to reciprocate. 
TM:blush:…Ha…
D:blush:Hm…quite. I suppose, a thank you is in order.
TM:happy:Don’t mention it. Ready to leave this tower, Prince Darjeeling?
D:happy:Most definitely.
/
TM:normal:Are you the Prince that’s kept here by that dragon?
D:normal: And who would you be?
TM:angry:No time for that now, we need to leave before that dragon comes back. 
D:angry:Leave? 
TM:normal:Yes. We haven't much time. It could come back at any moment.
D:sad:I suppose... No. I can't leave with you.
TM:angry: What? Are you crazy.
D:angry:No! Excuse you, you rude little princess! I'm just... concerned. For the Dragon's well being if I were to leave...
TM:normal:Suffering from Stolkholm syndrome then...
D:angry:What did you say?!
TM:normal:I'll be around. I'll come back for you once you've had some time to think.
D:norma:Please don't bother.
/
D:normal:Hi, Princess Thyme. I see you've come again.
TM:normal:  Prince, I have to come with me today.
TM:happy:I’m here to take you out of this tower, Darjeeling, and I’m not taking “No” for an answer. 
D:angry:Wha-? Didn’t I tell you before? If I’m returning home, it must be with the sword or with nothing else. 
TM:angry: Don't be stubborn. You've been hostile since I've met you but this isn't a joking matter- you absolutely need to get out of here.
TM:angry: You are in so much danger here!
D:normal:Don't say that. I'm not in any danger.
TM:angry:If you haven't noticed you have a giant, ferocious, dragon outside your castle.
D:normal:It is giant but is not at all ferocious.
TM:angry:Are you blind?! It's kidnapped mulitple princes and trapped them in these towers.
D:normal:Well, its let most of them go already, ok?
D:sad:I'm... special to it. That's why I can't leave adn let it down.
TM:angry:Are you insane? It is a monster! It's keeping you here against your will!
D:normal:I'm sorry but it is my will to remain here with the dragon right now. I want to see how this plays out.
TM:angry:...
TM:normal:I suppose I can't drag you out of here... I'll be around in case you'd like to change your mind.
D:normal:Thank you, Thyme...
Thyme:sad:...
 <
