 D:normal:Dragon?
 D:angry:...
 D:normal:Ignoring you for this long hasn't necessarily worked in my favor.
 D:angry:...
 D:angry:I'm angry, you know? You've let all the other princes leave except me.
 D:angry:Don't look so surprised! I know you've had other princes! 
 D:angry:And I know you've allowed them to leave with the princesses always walking about here.
 D:normal:What I want to know is why am I still here?
 D:angry:...
 D:angry:Ugh! Don't you have anything to say for yourself?! I-
 D:normal:What's that?
 D:sad:...
 D:I suppose from the look in your eye you are trying to tell me you are lonely.
 D:angry:Don't be riduculous. Stupid, ugly beasts such as yourself cannot possibly experience human emotions such as loneliness.
 D:angry:Well, what are you looking at?! GO AWAY! Your putrid breathe is repulsive.
 /
 D:angry:You're wondering why I am so angry?
 D:angry:Being held here against my will is hardly anything to be happy about. 
 D:angry: And if you haven't forgotten- YOU'VE TAKEN SOMETHING OF MINE!
 D:normal:...
 D:angry: You don't even remember, do you? It was my sword! YOU TOOK MY SWORD!
 D:normal:If you had any sort of honor you would return me my sword and fight me like a true dragon!
 D:angry:...
 D:angry:I-!
 D:blush:What's this...?
 D:normal:Are you... giving me my sword back?
 D:angry:You understand that I can stab you as soon as you turn aroun with this, don't you?!
 D:blush:What? Y-Yes. It is very important to me... Did you just figure that out... 
 D:blush:and you don't want to take it if it is that important to me?
 D:normal:...
 D:blush:...Thank you.
 /
 D:normal:I suppose you are wondering why I haven't simply left yet.
 D:normal:Now that I have my sword, I can easily leave the tower and journey onn home.
 D:normal:But I've come to... reconsider that course of action.
 D:normal:At the start I believed you were a garrish beast. Obsessed with ruining my life and keeping me locked up in a life of moving from tower to tower as part of hour hoard.
 D:happy:But I realize now that you are more complicated than that.
 D:normal:I've grown... curious, shall we say, Of your true intentions. 
 D:normal:Why you go about kidnapping and hoarding young princes like me in your towers.
 D:normal:A beast such as yourself cannot really feel complex emotions such as loneliness...
 D:sad:...Or so I thought.
 D:normal:I'm starting to see that that may not be the case.
 D:normal:If you can feel guilt for taking my sword, I suppose you can also feel the sting of being alone for centuries up in this mountain.
 D:sad:...
 D:sad: Truth be told... this sword is a momento of my sister. It's... quite important to me. 
 D:normal:Thank you for returning it.
 D:normal:I know you're lonely.
 D:happy:But I think you're on the right track to being considered... my friend.
 /
 D:normal:Dragon, do you have a moment?
 D:normal:I need to tell you something.
 D:angry:I know you're lonely here all by youself.
 D:sad:And I'm sorry... but I cannot stay here with you any longer.
 D:normal:My kingdom has gone on too long without their princes. I need to leave to attend my duties.
 D:blush:But... there is no need for you to feel lonesome any longer.
 D:blush:I will bring you back to the kingdom with me. We will live out our lives together in the castle.
 D:normal:Perhpas it will be well... the other kingdoms wouldn't dare invade if we had a dragon on our side. 
 D:normal:But I know my people would probably not want a beast in the midst...
 D:normal:What's that? You want to know what this is all about?
 D:blush:That is...
 D:normal:Perhaps I just cannot let your loneliness go unanswered.
 D:blush:Or maybe... I've grown fond of you...
 D:blush:At the start, I assumed you were a heartless monster. But the more time I spend with you... I see the care you;ve trated me with...
 D:blush:And I've grown to like you more and more...
 >

