:normal:Well, hello there.
Th:normal:Hello? Hello!! There is a dragon outside! Come on! I’m here to rescue you!
T:normal:Rescue? Hm…
T:sad:What an inopportune time. 
Th:angry:Excuse me?
T:normal:Actually, I’m in the middle of a riveting text. I can hardly imagine leaving right now.
Th:angry:Gah! read your text some other time, we need to get going NOW!
T:sad:Must we?
T:normal:Why don’t you come back later once I’m finished with my research? It should only take a few hours.
Th:angry:Y-You…
T:normal:…
Th:sad:maybe I will leave before I end up killing this idiot…
/
Th:normal:Prince Thistle! 
T:normal:Hm?
Th:happy:That’s your name, isn’t it? Your brothers are looking for you. 
T:sad:Are they now? 
Th:excited:Well? Doesn’t that make you want to go back to your kingdom?
T:normal:….
T:sad:Can you stop yelling? 
T:normal:Honestly, I’m trying to read.
Th:angry:Why you…!
T:normal:You sound like my nursemaids and tutors at the palace. They were also quite demanding.
Th:angry:Perhaps it’s because you’re so vexing?
T:happy:Well, think what you will. I’m much happier here than back home so you’ll have to try extra hard to get me to leave.
Th:angry:And what about the dragon?
T:normal:What about it?
Th:angry:It can eat you, y’know. What if it kills you?
T:normal:What if it does?
Th:normal:…
T:happy: We’ll wait and see.
Th:sad:Right…I get it, there’s definitely nothing I can say to get you to leave?
T:normal:…I’m quite happy here, thank you. 
T:happy:What’s your name?
Th:normal:Hm? It’s Thistle. Princess Thistle.
T:happy:Princess Thistle. If you ever go back to my kingdom…Tell my brothers that I’m sorry for being…the way I am.
Th:normal:…Will do.
/
TL:normal:Princess. You've graced me with your presense again. I trust you've delivered my message to my brothers?
TM:normal:Yes. I have.
TM:normal:...
TL:normal...
TM:sad:They are quite vexed. They are all so worried about you!
TM:sad: Not only your brothers but all your nursemaids. Your tutors. Your parents. 
TM:normal:They said you were the ideal prince. Favored among all your citizens. I could hardly believe it when they described such a gallant and fastidious prince.
TM:normal:I suppose you haven't always been this way... a shut in content to live your life laying about reading your texts.
TL:sad:...
TL:normal:No.
TL:normal:The person they've described is not me. I've never wanted to do all that. To have all that... responsibility. 
TM:sad:Thistle...
TL:sad:These past few weeks trapped in the tower seemed like a godsend. I finally had all the time the world to just sit down. Take it slow. Do what I'd liek for a change.
TL:happy:I've read so many books I've been itching to read! And the dragon is not cruel. It brought me new books and trinkets whenver I asked. It's been great!
TL:normal:But I suppose... I've just given up a cage for a more comfortale one.
TM:normal:Thistle. I understand about wanting to foraske your responsibility.
TM:sad:I also left my kingdom for the call of adventure and have spent the last months travelling to far off valleys enjoying the danger and adventure it offers.
TM:angry:But as royals it is our duty to help the kingdom. I will help mine by using the knowledge I've gained in my travels and the royals I;'ve met to help form alliances and treaties for my kingdom.
TM:angry:If you really tried, I know you can use the things you enjoy to help your kingdom.
TL:sad:What a hopeful way of viewing the world... I don't have that brand of optimism but hearing your say... I do miss my kingdom. And I do want to help my people.
TL:normal:It's tough not being able to do what I want. But I know I have a larger duty to fulfill.
TM:blush:Prince Thistle, won't you come back home with me? You're kingdom needs you.
TL:happy:Thyme... thank you for helping me realize how incorrigible I've been. I hope I can keep some of your optimism.
TL:blush:You didn't give up no matter how short I was with you. Have you developed something of a cush on me?
TM:blush:And if I have?
TL:blush:...
TL:happy:Then I suppose my people will celebrate the return of their prince and the new alliance between our two kingdoms.
/
TL:normal:Well, hello there.
TM:normal:Hello? Hello!! There is a dragon outside! Come on! I’m here to rescue you!
TL:normal:Rescue?Hm…
TL:sad:What an inopportune time. 
TM:angry:Excuse me?
TL:normal:Actually, I’m in the middle of some riveting text. I can hardly imagine leaving right now.
TM:angry:Gah! read your text some other time we need to get going NOW!
TL:sad:Must we? Besides, I'm not in any danger. The dragon dotes on me to now end. It won't hurt me.
TM:angry:You are sympathizng with your dragon captor?
TL:normal:Say what you will. Now, would you mind leaving? I have many scrolls to sort through.
TM:angry: UGH! I'll leave just to keep myself from straggling you. You are an insufferable person.
TL:normal:...
TM:angry: UGH!
/
TM:normal:Prince Thistle! 
TL:normal:hm?
TM:angry:Your brothers are looking for you! Are you still not in your right mind?
TL:normal:I'm still not returning home if that's what you mean.
TM:angry:...
TL:normal:...
TL:angry:Well? Are you going to leave?
TM:angry: UGH! Goodbye, Prince. I can only hope your come to your senses soon.
TL:normal:...
<